Enterprise v open source table (#13459)
digital-asset/daml: docs/source/getting-started/installation.rst

   As part of the installation process you may need to set up the ``JAVA_HOME`` variable. You can find instructions for this process on :doc:`Windows,macOS, and Linux here <path-variables>`.

2. Choosing Daml Enterprise or Daml Open Source
***********************************************

Daml comes in two variants: Daml Enterprise or Daml Open-Source. Both include the best in class SDK, Canton and all of the components that you need to write and deploy multi-party 
applications in production, but they differ in terms of enterprise and non-functional capabilities:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 20 10 10
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Capability
     - Enterprise
     - Open Source
   * - Daml Synchronisation
     - Yes
     - Yes
   * - Sub-Transaction Privacy
     - Yes
     - Yes
   * - `Transaction Processing <https://docs.daml.com/canton/architecture/overview.html#node-scaling>`_
     - Parallel (fast)
     - Sequential (slow)
   * - `High Availability <https://docs.daml.com/canton/usermanual/ha.html>`_
     - Yes
     - No

>    * - High Throughput via Microservices

Reviewer: Is there documentation for the "microservices" deployment?

Author: I'm changing this to 'Horizontal scalability' as requested on the slack conversation [here](https://daholdings.slack.com/archives/C973Z3TK2/p1648645300831909) and linking to [here](https://www.canton.io/docs/dev/user-manual/usermanual/ha.html#sequencer)

     - Yes
     - No

>    * - Resource Management

Reviewer: What's this? Is there documentation for this?

Author: I'm removing this row and if anyone from the Canton team wants to add it back in then they can do that in a separate PR.

     - Yes
     - No
   * - `Ledger Pruning <https://docs.daml.com/canton/usermanual/operational_processes.html#ledger-pruning>`_
     - Yes
     - No

>    * - Postgres Backend

Reviewer: Backend vs driver. Maybe split out "local contract store in PostgreSQL" and "PostgreSQL driver"?

Author: Done

If you have a license for Daml Enterprise, you
can install it as follows:

> - Canton can be downloaded from the respective `repository <https://digitalasset.jfrog.io/artifactory/canton-enterprise/>`_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Canton can be downloaded from this `repository <https://digitalasset.jfrog.io/artifactory/canton-enterprise/>`_
```
